Add lesson learned from polyfill.io (#559)
ossf/wg-best-practices-os-developers: docs/Concise-Guide-for-Developing-More-Secure-Software.md

24. **Continuously improve**. Improve scores, look for tips, & apply as appropriate.
25. **Manage succession**. Have clear governance & work to add active, trustworthy maintainer(s).
26. **Prefer memory-safe languages**. Many vulnerabilities involve memory safety. Where practical, use memory-safe programming languages (most are) and keep memory safety enabled. Otherwise, use mechanisms like extra tools and peer review to reduce risk.

> 27. **Ensure production websites only load from your own domains**. _Linking_ to other domains is fine, but don't load information from other domains such as JavaScript, CSS, and images. If you do, that domain's subversion might also subvert your site. See the [subverted polyfill.io revealed in 2024](https://blog.qualys.com/vulnerabilities-threat-research/2024/06/28/polyfill-io-supply-chain-attack).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
27. **Ensure production websites only load assets from your own domains**. _Linking_ to other domains is fine, but don't load assets from other domains such as JavaScript, CSS, and media. If you do, that domain's subversion might also subvert your site. See the [subverted polyfill.io revealed in 2024](https://blog.qualys.com/vulnerabilities-threat-research/2024/06/28/polyfill-io-supply-chain-attack).
```

also, should the text reference the term supply chain attack or similar?

Author: I like the reword, thanks!

> 27. **Ensure production websites only load from your own domains**. _Linking_ to other domains is fine, but don't load information from other domains such as JavaScript, CSS, and images. If you do, that domain's subversion might also subvert your site. See the [subverted polyfill.io revealed in 2024](https://blog.qualys.com/vulnerabilities-threat-research/2024/06/28/polyfill-io-supply-chain-attack).

Reviewer: should the text reference the term supply chain attack or similar?
